You
The key is in the env vars. You need to figure out why this is not working and stop telling me all the possibilities of why it is not working.
Forge
The server.js uses the OpenAI client from the 'openai' package instantiated as `new OpenAI()` without passing an explicit API key, relying on process.env.OPENAI_API_KEY. Your code checks for the key presence but does not stop execution if missing.

Your /api/voice-profile endpoint calls openai.chat.completions.create with model 'gpt-4.1-mini' and response_format: { type: 'json_object' }. The 'gpt-4.1-mini' model and response_format option may not be supported or may cause the OpenAI client to fail silently or throw errors.

Similarly, the /api/tts endpoint calls openai.audio.speech.create with model 'tts-1' and response_format 'mp3'. The 'tts-1' model and audio.speech.create method are part of the newer OpenAI API features that may require the latest 'openai' package version and correct usage.

Potential causes of failure despite the key being set:

1. The model names 'gpt-4.1-mini' and 'tts-1' might not be recognized by the OpenAI API, causing errors.
2. The response_format: { type: 'json_object' } may not be supported in the openai npm client or requires a different syntax.
3. The openai client usage might be incorrect or incomplete for these endpoints.

To fix:

- Verify the model names are valid and available in your OpenAI account.
- Change the chat completion call to use a standard model like 'gpt-4' or 'gpt-4o-mini' if 'gpt-4.1-mini' is invalid.
- For JSON response parsing, remove response_format or handle the raw text response and parse JSON manually.
- For TTS, confirm your openai package version supports openai.audio.speech.create and the 'tts-1' model.
- Add detailed error logging of the OpenAI API error response to see exact failure reasons.

Summary: The likely cause is invalid or unsupported model names and response_format options in your OpenAI API calls causing failures despite the key being set. Adjust model names to valid ones, remove or adjust response_format usage, and add detailed error logging to diagnose further.

{ "message": "The OpenAI API calls likely fail due to invalid or unsupported model names ('gpt-4.1-mini', 'tts-1') or unsupported response_format usage. Verify and replace 'gpt-4.1-mini' with a valid model like 'gpt-4', remove or adjust response_format to parse JSON manually, and confirm your openai package supports TTS calls. Add detailed error logging to capture API error details.", "suggestBuild": false, "buildSuggestion": null }